there's two classical techniques of how we
can add fat to meat one of them is called
barding and that is when we will cover say a
roast piece of beef that we're going to roast
a piece that's going to get covered in fat we'll
use butcher's twine we're going to tie that
onto there so that as it's roasting the fat will
actually go into the meat and make it more moist
the other way in this application
is what we refer to as larding this
is the larding needle the point there
is going to get pushed through the meat
this little spring here is where
i'm going to attach some pork fat
just going to attach the pork fat to that push
it down nice and tight this is a little bit of
inside round of veal obviously not a great deal
of fat in there so if we were to roast this
by adding the pork fat running through
the eye of the meat as it's roasting it
will help to create moisture within the meat
very carefully using the
needle push all the way through
and then using the applicator we're going
to pull that pork fat through very carefully
there's there
and there's the fat running
through the eye of the meat